# AppInstance

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**AppAccessToken** | Pointer to **NullableString** | Specifies the token to access with the app. | [optional] 
**AppInstanceId** | Pointer to **NullableInt64** | Specifies unique id across all instances of all apps. | [optional] 
**AppName** | Pointer to **NullableString** | Specifies name of the app that is launched in this instance. | [optional] 
**AppUid** | Pointer to **NullableInt64** | Specifies id of the app that is launched in this instance. | [optional] 
**AppVersion** | Pointer to **NullableInt64** | Specifies the version of the app that is launched in this instance. | [optional] 
**CreatedTimeUsecs** | Pointer to **NullableInt64** | Specifies timestamp (in microseconds) when the app instance was first created. | [optional] 
**CreationUid** | Pointer to **NullableString** | Specifies a unique identifier generated by the client to let the backend identify retries of the app launch request. | [optional] 
**Description** | Pointer to **NullableString** | Specifies user configured description for the app instance. | [optional] 
**DevVersion** | Pointer to **NullableString** | Specifies version of the app provided by the developer. | [optional] 
**DurationUsecs** | Pointer to **NullableInt64** | Specifies duration (in microseconds) for which the app instance has run. | [optional] 
**HealthDetail** | Pointer to **NullableString** | Specifies the reason the app instance is unhealthy. Only set if app instance is unhealthy. | [optional] 
**HealthStatus** | Pointer to **NullableInt32** | Specifies the current health status of the app instance. | [optional] 
**HttpsUi** | Pointer to **NullableBool** | Specifies app ui http config. If set to true, the App&#39;s UI uses https. Otherwise it uses http. | [optional] 
**Namespace** | Pointer to **NullableString** |  | [optional] 
**NodeIp** | Pointer to **NullableString** | Specifies the ip of the node which can be used to contact app instance external services. | [optional] 
**NodePort** | Pointer to **NullableInt32** | Specifies the node port on which the app instance services external requests. | [optional] 
**Settings** | Pointer to [**AppInstanceSettings**](AppInstanceSettings.md) |  | [optional] 
**State** | Pointer to **NullableString** | Specifies the current state of the app instance. Specifies operational status of an app instance. kInitializing - The app instance has been launched or resumed, but is not fully running yet. kRunning - The app instance is running. Check health_status for the actual health. kPausing - The app instance is being paused. kPaused - The app instance has been paused. kTerminating - The app instance is being terminated. kTerminated -  The app instance has been terminated. kFailed - The app instance has failed due to an unrecoverable error. | [optional] 
**StateDetail** | Pointer to **NullableString** | Specifies the failure reason when the app instance&#39;s state is kFailed. | [optional] 
**UserSshKey** | Pointer to [**UserSshKey**](UserSshKey.md) |  | [optional] 
**VmGroups** | Pointer to [**[]VmGroup**](VmGroup.md) | Specifies list of all VM groups for this application. Each VM group contains a list of VMs. Information needed for UI like the nodePort, the port type etc. is stored for each VM. | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewAppInstance

`func NewAppInstance() *AppInstance`

NewAppInstance instantiates a new AppInstance object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewAppInstanceWithDefaults

`func NewAppInstanceWithDefaults() *AppInstance`

NewAppInstanceWithDefaults instantiates a new AppInstance object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetAppAccessToken

`func (o *AppInstance) GetAppAccessToken() string`

GetAppAccessToken returns the AppAccessToken field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAppAccessTokenOk

`func (o *AppInstance) GetAppAccessTokenOk() (*string, bool)`

GetAppAccessTokenOk returns a tuple with the AppAccessToken field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAppAccessToken

`func (o *AppInstance) SetAppAccessToken(v string)`

SetAppAccessToken sets AppAccessToken field to given value.

### HasAppAccessToken

`func (o *AppInstance) HasAppAccessToken() bool`

HasAppAccessToken returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetAppAccessTokenNil

`func (o *AppInstance) SetAppAccessTokenNil(b bool)`

 SetAppAccessTokenNil sets the value for AppAccessToken to be an explicit nil

### UnsetAppAccessToken
`func (o *AppInstance) UnsetAppAccessToken()`

UnsetAppAccessToken ensures that no value is present for AppAccessToken, not even an explicit nil
### GetAppInstanceId

`func (o *AppInstance) GetAppInstanceId() int64`

GetAppInstanceId returns the AppInstanceId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAppInstanceIdOk

`func (o *AppInstance) GetAppInstanceIdOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetAppInstanceIdOk returns a tuple with the AppInstanceId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAppInstanceId

`func (o *AppInstance) SetAppInstanceId(v int64)`

SetAppInstanceId sets AppInstanceId field to given value.

### HasAppInstanceId

`func (o *AppInstance) HasAppInstanceId() bool`

HasAppInstanceId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetAppInstanceIdNil

`func (o *AppInstance) SetAppInstanceIdNil(b bool)`

 SetAppInstanceIdNil sets the value for AppInstanceId to be an explicit nil

### UnsetAppInstanceId
`func (o *AppInstance) UnsetAppInstanceId()`

UnsetAppInstanceId ensures that no value is present for AppInstanceId, not even an explicit nil
### GetAppName

`func (o *AppInstance) GetAppName() string`

GetAppName returns the AppName field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAppNameOk

`func (o *AppInstance) GetAppNameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetAppNameOk returns a tuple with the AppName field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAppName

`func (o *AppInstance) SetAppName(v string)`

SetAppName sets AppName field to given value.

### HasAppName

`func (o *AppInstance) HasAppName() bool`

HasAppName returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetAppNameNil

`func (o *AppInstance) SetAppNameNil(b bool)`

 SetAppNameNil sets the value for AppName to be an explicit nil

### UnsetAppName
`func (o *AppInstance) UnsetAppName()`

UnsetAppName ensures that no value is present for AppName, not even an explicit nil
### GetAppUid

`func (o *AppInstance) GetAppUid() int64`

GetAppUid returns the AppUid field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAppUidOk

`func (o *AppInstance) GetAppUidOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetAppUidOk returns a tuple with the AppUid field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAppUid

`func (o *AppInstance) SetAppUid(v int64)`

SetAppUid sets AppUid field to given value.

### HasAppUid

`func (o *AppInstance) HasAppUid() bool`

HasAppUid returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetAppUidNil

`func (o *AppInstance) SetAppUidNil(b bool)`

 SetAppUidNil sets the value for AppUid to be an explicit nil

### UnsetAppUid
`func (o *AppInstance) UnsetAppUid()`

UnsetAppUid ensures that no value is present for AppUid, not even an explicit nil
### GetAppVersion

`func (o *AppInstance) GetAppVersion() int64`

GetAppVersion returns the AppVersion field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAppVersionOk

`func (o *AppInstance) GetAppVersionOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetAppVersionOk returns a tuple with the AppVersion field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAppVersion

`func (o *AppInstance) SetAppVersion(v int64)`

SetAppVersion sets AppVersion field to given value.

### HasAppVersion

`func (o *AppInstance) HasAppVersion() bool`

HasAppVersion returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetAppVersionNil

`func (o *AppInstance) SetAppVersionNil(b bool)`

 SetAppVersionNil sets the value for AppVersion to be an explicit nil

### UnsetAppVersion
`func (o *AppInstance) UnsetAppVersion()`

UnsetAppVersion ensures that no value is present for AppVersion, not even an explicit nil
### GetCreatedTimeUsecs

`func (o *AppInstance) GetCreatedTimeUsecs() int64`

GetCreatedTimeUsecs returns the CreatedTimeUsecs field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCreatedTimeUsecsOk

`func (o *AppInstance) GetCreatedTimeUsecsOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetCreatedTimeUsecsOk returns a tuple with the CreatedTimeUsecs field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCreatedTimeUsecs

`func (o *AppInstance) SetCreatedTimeUsecs(v int64)`

SetCreatedTimeUsecs sets CreatedTimeUsecs field to given value.

### HasCreatedTimeUsecs

`func (o *AppInstance) HasCreatedTimeUsecs() bool`

HasCreatedTimeUsecs returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetCreatedTimeUsecsNil

`func (o *AppInstance) SetCreatedTimeUsecsNil(b bool)`

 SetCreatedTimeUsecsNil sets the value for CreatedTimeUsecs to be an explicit nil

### UnsetCreatedTimeUsecs
`func (o *AppInstance) UnsetCreatedTimeUsecs()`

UnsetCreatedTimeUsecs ensures that no value is present for CreatedTimeUsecs, not even an explicit nil
### GetCreationUid

`func (o *AppInstance) GetCreationUid() string`

GetCreationUid returns the CreationUid field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCreationUidOk

`func (o *AppInstance) GetCreationUidOk() (*string, bool)`

GetCreationUidOk returns a tuple with the CreationUid field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCreationUid

`func (o *AppInstance) SetCreationUid(v string)`

SetCreationUid sets CreationUid field to given value.

### HasCreationUid

`func (o *AppInstance) HasCreationUid() bool`

HasCreationUid returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetCreationUidNil

`func (o *AppInstance) SetCreationUidNil(b bool)`

 SetCreationUidNil sets the value for CreationUid to be an explicit nil

### UnsetCreationUid
`func (o *AppInstance) UnsetCreationUid()`

UnsetCreationUid ensures that no value is present for CreationUid, not even an explicit nil
### GetDescription

`func (o *AppInstance) GetDescription() string`

GetDescription returns the Description field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDescriptionOk

`func (o *AppInstance) GetDescriptionOk() (*string, bool)`

GetDescriptionOk returns a tuple with the Description field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDescription

`func (o *AppInstance) SetDescription(v string)`

SetDescription sets Description field to given value.

### HasDescription

`func (o *AppInstance) HasDescription() bool`

HasDescription returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetDescriptionNil

`func (o *AppInstance) SetDescriptionNil(b bool)`

 SetDescriptionNil sets the value for Description to be an explicit nil

### UnsetDescription
`func (o *AppInstance) UnsetDescription()`

UnsetDescription ensures that no value is present for Description, not even an explicit nil
### GetDevVersion

`func (o *AppInstance) GetDevVersion() string`

GetDevVersion returns the DevVersion field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDevVersionOk

`func (o *AppInstance) GetDevVersionOk() (*string, bool)`

GetDevVersionOk returns a tuple with the DevVersion field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDevVersion

`func (o *AppInstance) SetDevVersion(v string)`

SetDevVersion sets DevVersion field to given value.

### HasDevVersion

`func (o *AppInstance) HasDevVersion() bool`

HasDevVersion returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetDevVersionNil

`func (o *AppInstance) SetDevVersionNil(b bool)`

 SetDevVersionNil sets the value for DevVersion to be an explicit nil

### UnsetDevVersion
`func (o *AppInstance) UnsetDevVersion()`

UnsetDevVersion ensures that no value is present for DevVersion, not even an explicit nil
### GetDurationUsecs

`func (o *AppInstance) GetDurationUsecs() int64`

GetDurationUsecs returns the DurationUsecs field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDurationUsecsOk

`func (o *AppInstance) GetDurationUsecsOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetDurationUsecsOk returns a tuple with the DurationUsecs field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDurationUsecs

`func (o *AppInstance) SetDurationUsecs(v int64)`

SetDurationUsecs sets DurationUsecs field to given value.

### HasDurationUsecs

`func (o *AppInstance) HasDurationUsecs() bool`

HasDurationUsecs returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetDurationUsecsNil

`func (o *AppInstance) SetDurationUsecsNil(b bool)`

 SetDurationUsecsNil sets the value for DurationUsecs to be an explicit nil

### UnsetDurationUsecs
`func (o *AppInstance) UnsetDurationUsecs()`

UnsetDurationUsecs ensures that no value is present for DurationUsecs, not even an explicit nil
### GetHealthDetail

`func (o *AppInstance) GetHealthDetail() string`

GetHealthDetail returns the HealthDetail field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetHealthDetailOk

`func (o *AppInstance) GetHealthDetailOk() (*string, bool)`

GetHealthDetailOk returns a tuple with the HealthDetail field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetHealthDetail

`func (o *AppInstance) SetHealthDetail(v string)`

SetHealthDetail sets HealthDetail field to given value.

### HasHealthDetail

`func (o *AppInstance) HasHealthDetail() bool`

HasHealthDetail returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetHealthDetailNil

`func (o *AppInstance) SetHealthDetailNil(b bool)`

 SetHealthDetailNil sets the value for HealthDetail to be an explicit nil

### UnsetHealthDetail
`func (o *AppInstance) UnsetHealthDetail()`

UnsetHealthDetail ensures that no value is present for HealthDetail, not even an explicit nil
### GetHealthStatus

`func (o *AppInstance) GetHealthStatus() int32`

GetHealthStatus returns the HealthStatus field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetHealthStatusOk

`func (o *AppInstance) GetHealthStatusOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetHealthStatusOk returns a tuple with the HealthStatus field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetHealthStatus

`func (o *AppInstance) SetHealthStatus(v int32)`

SetHealthStatus sets HealthStatus field to given value.

### HasHealthStatus

`func (o *AppInstance) HasHealthStatus() bool`

HasHealthStatus returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetHealthStatusNil

`func (o *AppInstance) SetHealthStatusNil(b bool)`

 SetHealthStatusNil sets the value for HealthStatus to be an explicit nil

### UnsetHealthStatus
`func (o *AppInstance) UnsetHealthStatus()`

UnsetHealthStatus ensures that no value is present for HealthStatus, not even an explicit nil
### GetHttpsUi

`func (o *AppInstance) GetHttpsUi() bool`

GetHttpsUi returns the HttpsUi field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetHttpsUiOk

`func (o *AppInstance) GetHttpsUiOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetHttpsUiOk returns a tuple with the HttpsUi field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetHttpsUi

`func (o *AppInstance) SetHttpsUi(v bool)`

SetHttpsUi sets HttpsUi field to given value.

### HasHttpsUi

`func (o *AppInstance) HasHttpsUi() bool`

HasHttpsUi returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetHttpsUiNil

`func (o *AppInstance) SetHttpsUiNil(b bool)`

 SetHttpsUiNil sets the value for HttpsUi to be an explicit nil

### UnsetHttpsUi
`func (o *AppInstance) UnsetHttpsUi()`

UnsetHttpsUi ensures that no value is present for HttpsUi, not even an explicit nil
### GetNamespace

`func (o *AppInstance) GetNamespace() string`

GetNamespace returns the Namespace field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetNamespaceOk

`func (o *AppInstance) GetNamespaceOk() (*string, bool)`

GetNamespaceOk returns a tuple with the Namespace field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetNamespace

`func (o *AppInstance) SetNamespace(v string)`

SetNamespace sets Namespace field to given value.

### HasNamespace

`func (o *AppInstance) HasNamespace() bool`

HasNamespace returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetNamespaceNil

`func (o *AppInstance) SetNamespaceNil(b bool)`

 SetNamespaceNil sets the value for Namespace to be an explicit nil

### UnsetNamespace
`func (o *AppInstance) UnsetNamespace()`

UnsetNamespace ensures that no value is present for Namespace, not even an explicit nil
### GetNodeIp

`func (o *AppInstance) GetNodeIp() string`

GetNodeIp returns the NodeIp field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetNodeIpOk

`func (o *AppInstance) GetNodeIpOk() (*string, bool)`

GetNodeIpOk returns a tuple with the NodeIp field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetNodeIp

`func (o *AppInstance) SetNodeIp(v string)`

SetNodeIp sets NodeIp field to given value.

### HasNodeIp

`func (o *AppInstance) HasNodeIp() bool`

HasNodeIp returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetNodeIpNil

`func (o *AppInstance) SetNodeIpNil(b bool)`

 SetNodeIpNil sets the value for NodeIp to be an explicit nil

### UnsetNodeIp
`func (o *AppInstance) UnsetNodeIp()`

UnsetNodeIp ensures that no value is present for NodeIp, not even an explicit nil
### GetNodePort

`func (o *AppInstance) GetNodePort() int32`

GetNodePort returns the NodePort field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetNodePortOk

`func (o *AppInstance) GetNodePortOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetNodePortOk returns a tuple with the NodePort field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetNodePort

`func (o *AppInstance) SetNodePort(v int32)`

SetNodePort sets NodePort field to given value.

### HasNodePort

`func (o *AppInstance) HasNodePort() bool`

HasNodePort returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetNodePortNil

`func (o *AppInstance) SetNodePortNil(b bool)`

 SetNodePortNil sets the value for NodePort to be an explicit nil

### UnsetNodePort
`func (o *AppInstance) UnsetNodePort()`

UnsetNodePort ensures that no value is present for NodePort, not even an explicit nil
### GetSettings

`func (o *AppInstance) GetSettings() AppInstanceSettings`

GetSettings returns the Settings field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSettingsOk

`func (o *AppInstance) GetSettingsOk() (*AppInstanceSettings, bool)`

GetSettingsOk returns a tuple with the Settings field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSettings

`func (o *AppInstance) SetSettings(v AppInstanceSettings)`

SetSettings sets Settings field to given value.

### HasSettings

`func (o *AppInstance) HasSettings() bool`

HasSettings returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetState

`func (o *AppInstance) GetState() string`

GetState returns the State field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetStateOk

`func (o *AppInstance) GetStateOk() (*string, bool)`

GetStateOk returns a tuple with the State field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetState

`func (o *AppInstance) SetState(v string)`

SetState sets State field to given value.

### HasState

`func (o *AppInstance) HasState() bool`

HasState returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetStateNil

`func (o *AppInstance) SetStateNil(b bool)`

 SetStateNil sets the value for State to be an explicit nil

### UnsetState
`func (o *AppInstance) UnsetState()`

UnsetState ensures that no value is present for State, not even an explicit nil
### GetStateDetail

`func (o *AppInstance) GetStateDetail() string`

GetStateDetail returns the StateDetail field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetStateDetailOk

`func (o *AppInstance) GetStateDetailOk() (*string, bool)`

GetStateDetailOk returns a tuple with the StateDetail field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetStateDetail

`func (o *AppInstance) SetStateDetail(v string)`

SetStateDetail sets StateDetail field to given value.

### HasStateDetail

`func (o *AppInstance) HasStateDetail() bool`

HasStateDetail returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetStateDetailNil

`func (o *AppInstance) SetStateDetailNil(b bool)`

 SetStateDetailNil sets the value for StateDetail to be an explicit nil

### UnsetStateDetail
`func (o *AppInstance) UnsetStateDetail()`

UnsetStateDetail ensures that no value is present for StateDetail, not even an explicit nil
### GetUserSshKey

`func (o *AppInstance) GetUserSshKey() UserSshKey`

GetUserSshKey returns the UserSshKey field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetUserSshKeyOk

`func (o *AppInstance) GetUserSshKeyOk() (*UserSshKey, bool)`

GetUserSshKeyOk returns a tuple with the UserSshKey field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetUserSshKey

`func (o *AppInstance) SetUserSshKey(v UserSshKey)`

SetUserSshKey sets UserSshKey field to given value.

### HasUserSshKey

`func (o *AppInstance) HasUserSshKey() bool`

HasUserSshKey returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetVmGroups

`func (o *AppInstance) GetVmGroups() []VmGroup`

GetVmGroups returns the VmGroups field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetVmGroupsOk

`func (o *AppInstance) GetVmGroupsOk() (*[]VmGroup, bool)`

GetVmGroupsOk returns a tuple with the VmGroups field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetVmGroups

`func (o *AppInstance) SetVmGroups(v []VmGroup)`

SetVmGroups sets VmGroups field to given value.

### HasVmGroups

`func (o *AppInstance) HasVmGroups() bool`

HasVmGroups returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetVmGroupsNil

`func (o *AppInstance) SetVmGroupsNil(b bool)`

 SetVmGroupsNil sets the value for VmGroups to be an explicit nil

### UnsetVmGroups
`func (o *AppInstance) UnsetVmGroups()`

UnsetVmGroups ensures that no value is present for VmGroups, not even an explicit nil

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


