# AwsIAmRolesAnywhereParams

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Certificate** | **NullableString** | The certificate the customer obtains from the CA. | 
**PrivateKey** | **NullableString** | The encrypted private key generated by the CA. Using the CA private key, we can sign client certificates on customers behalf and use them to gain access to customer&#39;s AWS account. | 
**Profile** | **NullableString** | A profile defined with IAM policies, to specify what operations are allowed with the temporary credentials. | 
**Role** | **NullableString** | IAM role which trusts the IAM Roles Anywhere service principal. | 
**TrustAnchor** | **NullableString** | Trust anchor to use for authentication. A trust anchor is a reference to either AWS Private CA or an external CA. | 

## Methods

### NewAwsIAmRolesAnywhereParams

`func NewAwsIAmRolesAnywhereParams(certificate NullableString, privateKey NullableString, profile NullableString, role NullableString, trustAnchor NullableString, ) *AwsIAmRolesAnywhereParams`

NewAwsIAmRolesAnywhereParams instantiates a new AwsIAmRolesAnywhereParams object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewAwsIAmRolesAnywhereParamsWithDefaults

`func NewAwsIAmRolesAnywhereParamsWithDefaults() *AwsIAmRolesAnywhereParams`

NewAwsIAmRolesAnywhereParamsWithDefaults instantiates a new AwsIAmRolesAnywhereParams object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetCertificate

`func (o *AwsIAmRolesAnywhereParams) GetCertificate() string`

GetCertificate returns the Certificate field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCertificateOk

`func (o *AwsIAmRolesAnywhereParams) GetCertificateOk() (*string, bool)`

GetCertificateOk returns a tuple with the Certificate field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCertificate

`func (o *AwsIAmRolesAnywhereParams) SetCertificate(v string)`

SetCertificate sets Certificate field to given value.


### SetCertificateNil

`func (o *AwsIAmRolesAnywhereParams) SetCertificateNil(b bool)`

 SetCertificateNil sets the value for Certificate to be an explicit nil

### UnsetCertificate
`func (o *AwsIAmRolesAnywhereParams) UnsetCertificate()`

UnsetCertificate ensures that no value is present for Certificate, not even an explicit nil
### GetPrivateKey

`func (o *AwsIAmRolesAnywhereParams) GetPrivateKey() string`

GetPrivateKey returns the PrivateKey field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPrivateKeyOk

`func (o *AwsIAmRolesAnywhereParams) GetPrivateKeyOk() (*string, bool)`

GetPrivateKeyOk returns a tuple with the PrivateKey field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPrivateKey

`func (o *AwsIAmRolesAnywhereParams) SetPrivateKey(v string)`

SetPrivateKey sets PrivateKey field to given value.


### SetPrivateKeyNil

`func (o *AwsIAmRolesAnywhereParams) SetPrivateKeyNil(b bool)`

 SetPrivateKeyNil sets the value for PrivateKey to be an explicit nil

### UnsetPrivateKey
`func (o *AwsIAmRolesAnywhereParams) UnsetPrivateKey()`

UnsetPrivateKey ensures that no value is present for PrivateKey, not even an explicit nil
### GetProfile

`func (o *AwsIAmRolesAnywhereParams) GetProfile() string`

GetProfile returns the Profile field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetProfileOk

`func (o *AwsIAmRolesAnywhereParams) GetProfileOk() (*string, bool)`

GetProfileOk returns a tuple with the Profile field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetProfile

`func (o *AwsIAmRolesAnywhereParams) SetProfile(v string)`

SetProfile sets Profile field to given value.


### SetProfileNil

`func (o *AwsIAmRolesAnywhereParams) SetProfileNil(b bool)`

 SetProfileNil sets the value for Profile to be an explicit nil

### UnsetProfile
`func (o *AwsIAmRolesAnywhereParams) UnsetProfile()`

UnsetProfile ensures that no value is present for Profile, not even an explicit nil
### GetRole

`func (o *AwsIAmRolesAnywhereParams) GetRole() string`

GetRole returns the Role field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetRoleOk

`func (o *AwsIAmRolesAnywhereParams) GetRoleOk() (*string, bool)`

GetRoleOk returns a tuple with the Role field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRole

`func (o *AwsIAmRolesAnywhereParams) SetRole(v string)`

SetRole sets Role field to given value.


### SetRoleNil

`func (o *AwsIAmRolesAnywhereParams) SetRoleNil(b bool)`

 SetRoleNil sets the value for Role to be an explicit nil

### UnsetRole
`func (o *AwsIAmRolesAnywhereParams) UnsetRole()`

UnsetRole ensures that no value is present for Role, not even an explicit nil
### GetTrustAnchor

`func (o *AwsIAmRolesAnywhereParams) GetTrustAnchor() string`

GetTrustAnchor returns the TrustAnchor field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTrustAnchorOk

`func (o *AwsIAmRolesAnywhereParams) GetTrustAnchorOk() (*string, bool)`

GetTrustAnchorOk returns a tuple with the TrustAnchor field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTrustAnchor

`func (o *AwsIAmRolesAnywhereParams) SetTrustAnchor(v string)`

SetTrustAnchor sets TrustAnchor field to given value.


### SetTrustAnchorNil

`func (o *AwsIAmRolesAnywhereParams) SetTrustAnchorNil(b bool)`

 SetTrustAnchorNil sets the value for TrustAnchor to be an explicit nil

### UnsetTrustAnchor
`func (o *AwsIAmRolesAnywhereParams) UnsetTrustAnchor()`

UnsetTrustAnchor ensures that no value is present for TrustAnchor, not even an explicit nil

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


