# PlannedRunPollStatus

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**BackupTaskStatus** | Pointer to **NullableString** | Status of the backup job. &#39;Running&#39; indicates that the run is still running. &#39;Canceled&#39; indicates that the run has been canceled. &#39;Canceling&#39; indicates that the run is in the process of being canceled. &#39;Paused&#39; indicates that the ongoing run has been paused. &#39;Failed&#39; indicates that the run has failed. &#39;Missed&#39; indicates that the run was unable to take place at the scheduled time because the previous run was still happening. &#39;Succeeded&#39; indicates that the run has finished successfully. &#39;SucceededWithWarning&#39; indicates that the run finished successfully, but there were some warning messages. &#39;Skipped&#39; indicates that the run was skipped. | [optional] 
**FailoverId** | Pointer to **NullableString** | Specifies the unique failover Id which will be generated by orchestrator. This Id will be used to uniquely identify current failover operation. | [optional] 
**OnPremDeployTaskStatus** | Pointer to **NullableString** | Status of the OnPrem deploy task. &#39;Running&#39; indicates that the run is still running. &#39;Canceled&#39; indicates that the run has been canceled. &#39;Canceling&#39; indicates that the run is in the process of being canceled. &#39;Paused&#39; indicates that the ongoing run has been paused. &#39;Failed&#39; indicates that the run has failed. &#39;Missed&#39; indicates that the run was unable to take place at the scheduled time because the previous run was still happening. &#39;Succeeded&#39; indicates that the run has finished successfully. &#39;SucceededWithWarning&#39; indicates that the run finished successfully, but there were some warning messages. &#39;Skipped&#39; indicates that the run was skipped. | [optional] 
**ProtectionGroupId** | Pointer to **NullableString** | Specifies the protection group id to which this run belongs. | [optional] 
**RunId** | Pointer to **NullableString** | If run has been scheduled then this field will be populated with unique run id. | [optional] 
**WaitingOnOtherRunCancellations** | Pointer to **NullableBool** | If cancelNonFailoverRuns was passed as true during creation of run for current failover then this will return the status of other run cacellations. If other runs are still pending for cancellations then this will be returned as true otherwise it will be return as false. | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewPlannedRunPollStatus

`func NewPlannedRunPollStatus() *PlannedRunPollStatus`

NewPlannedRunPollStatus instantiates a new PlannedRunPollStatus object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewPlannedRunPollStatusWithDefaults

`func NewPlannedRunPollStatusWithDefaults() *PlannedRunPollStatus`

NewPlannedRunPollStatusWithDefaults instantiates a new PlannedRunPollStatus object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetBackupTaskStatus

`func (o *PlannedRunPollStatus) GetBackupTaskStatus() string`

GetBackupTaskStatus returns the BackupTaskStatus field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetBackupTaskStatusOk

`func (o *PlannedRunPollStatus) GetBackupTaskStatusOk() (*string, bool)`

GetBackupTaskStatusOk returns a tuple with the BackupTaskStatus field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetBackupTaskStatus

`func (o *PlannedRunPollStatus) SetBackupTaskStatus(v string)`

SetBackupTaskStatus sets BackupTaskStatus field to given value.

### HasBackupTaskStatus

`func (o *PlannedRunPollStatus) HasBackupTaskStatus() bool`

HasBackupTaskStatus returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetBackupTaskStatusNil

`func (o *PlannedRunPollStatus) SetBackupTaskStatusNil(b bool)`

 SetBackupTaskStatusNil sets the value for BackupTaskStatus to be an explicit nil

### UnsetBackupTaskStatus
`func (o *PlannedRunPollStatus) UnsetBackupTaskStatus()`

UnsetBackupTaskStatus ensures that no value is present for BackupTaskStatus, not even an explicit nil
### GetFailoverId

`func (o *PlannedRunPollStatus) GetFailoverId() string`

GetFailoverId returns the FailoverId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetFailoverIdOk

`func (o *PlannedRunPollStatus) GetFailoverIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetFailoverIdOk returns a tuple with the FailoverId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetFailoverId

`func (o *PlannedRunPollStatus) SetFailoverId(v string)`

SetFailoverId sets FailoverId field to given value.

### HasFailoverId

`func (o *PlannedRunPollStatus) HasFailoverId() bool`

HasFailoverId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetFailoverIdNil

`func (o *PlannedRunPollStatus) SetFailoverIdNil(b bool)`

 SetFailoverIdNil sets the value for FailoverId to be an explicit nil

### UnsetFailoverId
`func (o *PlannedRunPollStatus) UnsetFailoverId()`

UnsetFailoverId ensures that no value is present for FailoverId, not even an explicit nil
### GetOnPremDeployTaskStatus

`func (o *PlannedRunPollStatus) GetOnPremDeployTaskStatus() string`

GetOnPremDeployTaskStatus returns the OnPremDeployTaskStatus field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetOnPremDeployTaskStatusOk

`func (o *PlannedRunPollStatus) GetOnPremDeployTaskStatusOk() (*string, bool)`

GetOnPremDeployTaskStatusOk returns a tuple with the OnPremDeployTaskStatus field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetOnPremDeployTaskStatus

`func (o *PlannedRunPollStatus) SetOnPremDeployTaskStatus(v string)`

SetOnPremDeployTaskStatus sets OnPremDeployTaskStatus field to given value.

### HasOnPremDeployTaskStatus

`func (o *PlannedRunPollStatus) HasOnPremDeployTaskStatus() bool`

HasOnPremDeployTaskStatus returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetOnPremDeployTaskStatusNil

`func (o *PlannedRunPollStatus) SetOnPremDeployTaskStatusNil(b bool)`

 SetOnPremDeployTaskStatusNil sets the value for OnPremDeployTaskStatus to be an explicit nil

### UnsetOnPremDeployTaskStatus
`func (o *PlannedRunPollStatus) UnsetOnPremDeployTaskStatus()`

UnsetOnPremDeployTaskStatus ensures that no value is present for OnPremDeployTaskStatus, not even an explicit nil
### GetProtectionGroupId

`func (o *PlannedRunPollStatus) GetProtectionGroupId() string`

GetProtectionGroupId returns the ProtectionGroupId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetProtectionGroupIdOk

`func (o *PlannedRunPollStatus) GetProtectionGroupIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetProtectionGroupIdOk returns a tuple with the ProtectionGroupId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetProtectionGroupId

`func (o *PlannedRunPollStatus) SetProtectionGroupId(v string)`

SetProtectionGroupId sets ProtectionGroupId field to given value.

### HasProtectionGroupId

`func (o *PlannedRunPollStatus) HasProtectionGroupId() bool`

HasProtectionGroupId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetProtectionGroupIdNil

`func (o *PlannedRunPollStatus) SetProtectionGroupIdNil(b bool)`

 SetProtectionGroupIdNil sets the value for ProtectionGroupId to be an explicit nil

### UnsetProtectionGroupId
`func (o *PlannedRunPollStatus) UnsetProtectionGroupId()`

UnsetProtectionGroupId ensures that no value is present for ProtectionGroupId, not even an explicit nil
### GetRunId

`func (o *PlannedRunPollStatus) GetRunId() string`

GetRunId returns the RunId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetRunIdOk

`func (o *PlannedRunPollStatus) GetRunIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetRunIdOk returns a tuple with the RunId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRunId

`func (o *PlannedRunPollStatus) SetRunId(v string)`

SetRunId sets RunId field to given value.

### HasRunId

`func (o *PlannedRunPollStatus) HasRunId() bool`

HasRunId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetRunIdNil

`func (o *PlannedRunPollStatus) SetRunIdNil(b bool)`

 SetRunIdNil sets the value for RunId to be an explicit nil

### UnsetRunId
`func (o *PlannedRunPollStatus) UnsetRunId()`

UnsetRunId ensures that no value is present for RunId, not even an explicit nil
### GetWaitingOnOtherRunCancellations

`func (o *PlannedRunPollStatus) GetWaitingOnOtherRunCancellations() bool`

GetWaitingOnOtherRunCancellations returns the WaitingOnOtherRunCancellations field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetWaitingOnOtherRunCancellationsOk

`func (o *PlannedRunPollStatus) GetWaitingOnOtherRunCancellationsOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetWaitingOnOtherRunCancellationsOk returns a tuple with the WaitingOnOtherRunCancellations field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetWaitingOnOtherRunCancellations

`func (o *PlannedRunPollStatus) SetWaitingOnOtherRunCancellations(v bool)`

SetWaitingOnOtherRunCancellations sets WaitingOnOtherRunCancellations field to given value.

### HasWaitingOnOtherRunCancellations

`func (o *PlannedRunPollStatus) HasWaitingOnOtherRunCancellations() bool`

HasWaitingOnOtherRunCancellations returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetWaitingOnOtherRunCancellationsNil

`func (o *PlannedRunPollStatus) SetWaitingOnOtherRunCancellationsNil(b bool)`

 SetWaitingOnOtherRunCancellationsNil sets the value for WaitingOnOtherRunCancellations to be an explicit nil

### UnsetWaitingOnOtherRunCancellations
`func (o *PlannedRunPollStatus) UnsetWaitingOnOtherRunCancellations()`

UnsetWaitingOnOtherRunCancellations ensures that no value is present for WaitingOnOtherRunCancellations, not even an explicit nil

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


