# TenantMigrationResult

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Services** | Pointer to [**[]TenantMigrationService**](TenantMigrationService.md) | List of Services. | [optional] 
**TenantId** | Pointer to **NullableString** | Specifies the tenant ID of the user on which the action is being performed. | [optional] 
**TenantMigrationUuid** | Pointer to **NullableString** | Specifies the tenant migration ID. This ID should be unique across clusters and should be generated by clients | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewTenantMigrationResult

`func NewTenantMigrationResult() *TenantMigrationResult`

NewTenantMigrationResult instantiates a new TenantMigrationResult object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewTenantMigrationResultWithDefaults

`func NewTenantMigrationResultWithDefaults() *TenantMigrationResult`

NewTenantMigrationResultWithDefaults instantiates a new TenantMigrationResult object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetServices

`func (o *TenantMigrationResult) GetServices() []TenantMigrationService`

GetServices returns the Services field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetServicesOk

`func (o *TenantMigrationResult) GetServicesOk() (*[]TenantMigrationService, bool)`

GetServicesOk returns a tuple with the Services field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetServices

`func (o *TenantMigrationResult) SetServices(v []TenantMigrationService)`

SetServices sets Services field to given value.

### HasServices

`func (o *TenantMigrationResult) HasServices() bool`

HasServices returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetTenantId

`func (o *TenantMigrationResult) GetTenantId() string`

GetTenantId returns the TenantId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTenantIdOk

`func (o *TenantMigrationResult) GetTenantIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetTenantIdOk returns a tuple with the TenantId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTenantId

`func (o *TenantMigrationResult) SetTenantId(v string)`

SetTenantId sets TenantId field to given value.

### HasTenantId

`func (o *TenantMigrationResult) HasTenantId() bool`

HasTenantId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetTenantIdNil

`func (o *TenantMigrationResult) SetTenantIdNil(b bool)`

 SetTenantIdNil sets the value for TenantId to be an explicit nil

### UnsetTenantId
`func (o *TenantMigrationResult) UnsetTenantId()`

UnsetTenantId ensures that no value is present for TenantId, not even an explicit nil
### GetTenantMigrationUuid

`func (o *TenantMigrationResult) GetTenantMigrationUuid() string`

GetTenantMigrationUuid returns the TenantMigrationUuid field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTenantMigrationUuidOk

`func (o *TenantMigrationResult) GetTenantMigrationUuidOk() (*string, bool)`

GetTenantMigrationUuidOk returns a tuple with the TenantMigrationUuid field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTenantMigrationUuid

`func (o *TenantMigrationResult) SetTenantMigrationUuid(v string)`

SetTenantMigrationUuid sets TenantMigrationUuid field to given value.

### HasTenantMigrationUuid

`func (o *TenantMigrationResult) HasTenantMigrationUuid() bool`

HasTenantMigrationUuid returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetTenantMigrationUuidNil

`func (o *TenantMigrationResult) SetTenantMigrationUuidNil(b bool)`

 SetTenantMigrationUuidNil sets the value for TenantMigrationUuid to be an explicit nil

### UnsetTenantMigrationUuid
`func (o *TenantMigrationResult) UnsetTenantMigrationUuid()`

UnsetTenantMigrationUuid ensures that no value is present for TenantMigrationUuid, not even an explicit nil

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


