# TenantMigrationAction

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Action** | **NullableString** | Specifies the action which will be performed on the tenant. | 
**ActionIncarnationId** | Pointer to **NullableInt32** | Retry count for the action. If an action needs to be retried, then clients will increment action_incarnation_id and can send the same request again | [optional] 
**Service** | Pointer to **NullableString** | Specifies the cluster service on which this action needs to be performed. | [optional] 
**Target** | Pointer to **NullableString** | Specifies the target on which the action is performed. | [optional] 
**TenantId** | Pointer to **NullableString** | Specifies the tenant ID of the user on which the action is being performed. | [optional] 
**TenantMigrationUuid** | Pointer to **NullableString** | Specifies the tenant migration ID. This ID should be unique across clusters and should be generated by clients | [optional] 
**Version** | Pointer to **NullableInt32** | API version | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewTenantMigrationAction

`func NewTenantMigrationAction(action NullableString, ) *TenantMigrationAction`

NewTenantMigrationAction instantiates a new TenantMigrationAction object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewTenantMigrationActionWithDefaults

`func NewTenantMigrationActionWithDefaults() *TenantMigrationAction`

NewTenantMigrationActionWithDefaults instantiates a new TenantMigrationAction object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetAction

`func (o *TenantMigrationAction) GetAction() string`

GetAction returns the Action field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetActionOk

`func (o *TenantMigrationAction) GetActionOk() (*string, bool)`

GetActionOk returns a tuple with the Action field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAction

`func (o *TenantMigrationAction) SetAction(v string)`

SetAction sets Action field to given value.


### SetActionNil

`func (o *TenantMigrationAction) SetActionNil(b bool)`

 SetActionNil sets the value for Action to be an explicit nil

### UnsetAction
`func (o *TenantMigrationAction) UnsetAction()`

UnsetAction ensures that no value is present for Action, not even an explicit nil
### GetActionIncarnationId

`func (o *TenantMigrationAction) GetActionIncarnationId() int32`

GetActionIncarnationId returns the ActionIncarnationId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetActionIncarnationIdOk

`func (o *TenantMigrationAction) GetActionIncarnationIdOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetActionIncarnationIdOk returns a tuple with the ActionIncarnationId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetActionIncarnationId

`func (o *TenantMigrationAction) SetActionIncarnationId(v int32)`

SetActionIncarnationId sets ActionIncarnationId field to given value.

### HasActionIncarnationId

`func (o *TenantMigrationAction) HasActionIncarnationId() bool`

HasActionIncarnationId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetActionIncarnationIdNil

`func (o *TenantMigrationAction) SetActionIncarnationIdNil(b bool)`

 SetActionIncarnationIdNil sets the value for ActionIncarnationId to be an explicit nil

### UnsetActionIncarnationId
`func (o *TenantMigrationAction) UnsetActionIncarnationId()`

UnsetActionIncarnationId ensures that no value is present for ActionIncarnationId, not even an explicit nil
### GetService

`func (o *TenantMigrationAction) GetService() string`

GetService returns the Service field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetServiceOk

`func (o *TenantMigrationAction) GetServiceOk() (*string, bool)`

GetServiceOk returns a tuple with the Service field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetService

`func (o *TenantMigrationAction) SetService(v string)`

SetService sets Service field to given value.

### HasService

`func (o *TenantMigrationAction) HasService() bool`

HasService returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetServiceNil

`func (o *TenantMigrationAction) SetServiceNil(b bool)`

 SetServiceNil sets the value for Service to be an explicit nil

### UnsetService
`func (o *TenantMigrationAction) UnsetService()`

UnsetService ensures that no value is present for Service, not even an explicit nil
### GetTarget

`func (o *TenantMigrationAction) GetTarget() string`

GetTarget returns the Target field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTargetOk

`func (o *TenantMigrationAction) GetTargetOk() (*string, bool)`

GetTargetOk returns a tuple with the Target field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTarget

`func (o *TenantMigrationAction) SetTarget(v string)`

SetTarget sets Target field to given value.

### HasTarget

`func (o *TenantMigrationAction) HasTarget() bool`

HasTarget returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetTargetNil

`func (o *TenantMigrationAction) SetTargetNil(b bool)`

 SetTargetNil sets the value for Target to be an explicit nil

### UnsetTarget
`func (o *TenantMigrationAction) UnsetTarget()`

UnsetTarget ensures that no value is present for Target, not even an explicit nil
### GetTenantId

`func (o *TenantMigrationAction) GetTenantId() string`

GetTenantId returns the TenantId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTenantIdOk

`func (o *TenantMigrationAction) GetTenantIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetTenantIdOk returns a tuple with the TenantId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTenantId

`func (o *TenantMigrationAction) SetTenantId(v string)`

SetTenantId sets TenantId field to given value.

### HasTenantId

`func (o *TenantMigrationAction) HasTenantId() bool`

HasTenantId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetTenantIdNil

`func (o *TenantMigrationAction) SetTenantIdNil(b bool)`

 SetTenantIdNil sets the value for TenantId to be an explicit nil

### UnsetTenantId
`func (o *TenantMigrationAction) UnsetTenantId()`

UnsetTenantId ensures that no value is present for TenantId, not even an explicit nil
### GetTenantMigrationUuid

`func (o *TenantMigrationAction) GetTenantMigrationUuid() string`

GetTenantMigrationUuid returns the TenantMigrationUuid field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTenantMigrationUuidOk

`func (o *TenantMigrationAction) GetTenantMigrationUuidOk() (*string, bool)`

GetTenantMigrationUuidOk returns a tuple with the TenantMigrationUuid field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTenantMigrationUuid

`func (o *TenantMigrationAction) SetTenantMigrationUuid(v string)`

SetTenantMigrationUuid sets TenantMigrationUuid field to given value.

### HasTenantMigrationUuid

`func (o *TenantMigrationAction) HasTenantMigrationUuid() bool`

HasTenantMigrationUuid returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetTenantMigrationUuidNil

`func (o *TenantMigrationAction) SetTenantMigrationUuidNil(b bool)`

 SetTenantMigrationUuidNil sets the value for TenantMigrationUuid to be an explicit nil

### UnsetTenantMigrationUuid
`func (o *TenantMigrationAction) UnsetTenantMigrationUuid()`

UnsetTenantMigrationUuid ensures that no value is present for TenantMigrationUuid, not even an explicit nil
### GetVersion

`func (o *TenantMigrationAction) GetVersion() int32`

GetVersion returns the Version field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetVersionOk

`func (o *TenantMigrationAction) GetVersionOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetVersionOk returns a tuple with the Version field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetVersion

`func (o *TenantMigrationAction) SetVersion(v int32)`

SetVersion sets Version field to given value.

### HasVersion

`func (o *TenantMigrationAction) HasVersion() bool`

HasVersion returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetVersionNil

`func (o *TenantMigrationAction) SetVersionNil(b bool)`

 SetVersionNil sets the value for Version to be an explicit nil

### UnsetVersion
`func (o *TenantMigrationAction) UnsetVersion()`

UnsetVersion ensures that no value is present for Version, not even an explicit nil

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


