# LaunchAppInstance

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**AppUid** | Pointer to **NullableInt64** | Specifies the app Id. | [optional] 
**AppVersion** | Pointer to **NullableInt64** | Specifies the app version. | [optional] 
**CreationUid** | Pointer to **NullableString** | Specifies unique identifier generated by the client to let the backend distinguish retries of the creation of the app instance. | [optional] 
**Description** | Pointer to **NullableString** | Specifies user configured description for the app instance. | [optional] 
**Settings** | Pointer to [**AppInstanceSettings**](AppInstanceSettings.md) |  | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewLaunchAppInstance

`func NewLaunchAppInstance() *LaunchAppInstance`

NewLaunchAppInstance instantiates a new LaunchAppInstance object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewLaunchAppInstanceWithDefaults

`func NewLaunchAppInstanceWithDefaults() *LaunchAppInstance`

NewLaunchAppInstanceWithDefaults instantiates a new LaunchAppInstance object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetAppUid

`func (o *LaunchAppInstance) GetAppUid() int64`

GetAppUid returns the AppUid field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAppUidOk

`func (o *LaunchAppInstance) GetAppUidOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetAppUidOk returns a tuple with the AppUid field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAppUid

`func (o *LaunchAppInstance) SetAppUid(v int64)`

SetAppUid sets AppUid field to given value.

### HasAppUid

`func (o *LaunchAppInstance) HasAppUid() bool`

HasAppUid returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetAppUidNil

`func (o *LaunchAppInstance) SetAppUidNil(b bool)`

 SetAppUidNil sets the value for AppUid to be an explicit nil

### UnsetAppUid
`func (o *LaunchAppInstance) UnsetAppUid()`

UnsetAppUid ensures that no value is present for AppUid, not even an explicit nil
### GetAppVersion

`func (o *LaunchAppInstance) GetAppVersion() int64`

GetAppVersion returns the AppVersion field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAppVersionOk

`func (o *LaunchAppInstance) GetAppVersionOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetAppVersionOk returns a tuple with the AppVersion field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAppVersion

`func (o *LaunchAppInstance) SetAppVersion(v int64)`

SetAppVersion sets AppVersion field to given value.

### HasAppVersion

`func (o *LaunchAppInstance) HasAppVersion() bool`

HasAppVersion returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetAppVersionNil

`func (o *LaunchAppInstance) SetAppVersionNil(b bool)`

 SetAppVersionNil sets the value for AppVersion to be an explicit nil

### UnsetAppVersion
`func (o *LaunchAppInstance) UnsetAppVersion()`

UnsetAppVersion ensures that no value is present for AppVersion, not even an explicit nil
### GetCreationUid

`func (o *LaunchAppInstance) GetCreationUid() string`

GetCreationUid returns the CreationUid field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCreationUidOk

`func (o *LaunchAppInstance) GetCreationUidOk() (*string, bool)`

GetCreationUidOk returns a tuple with the CreationUid field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCreationUid

`func (o *LaunchAppInstance) SetCreationUid(v string)`

SetCreationUid sets CreationUid field to given value.

### HasCreationUid

`func (o *LaunchAppInstance) HasCreationUid() bool`

HasCreationUid returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetCreationUidNil

`func (o *LaunchAppInstance) SetCreationUidNil(b bool)`

 SetCreationUidNil sets the value for CreationUid to be an explicit nil

### UnsetCreationUid
`func (o *LaunchAppInstance) UnsetCreationUid()`

UnsetCreationUid ensures that no value is present for CreationUid, not even an explicit nil
### GetDescription

`func (o *LaunchAppInstance) GetDescription() string`

GetDescription returns the Description field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDescriptionOk

`func (o *LaunchAppInstance) GetDescriptionOk() (*string, bool)`

GetDescriptionOk returns a tuple with the Description field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDescription

`func (o *LaunchAppInstance) SetDescription(v string)`

SetDescription sets Description field to given value.

### HasDescription

`func (o *LaunchAppInstance) HasDescription() bool`

HasDescription returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetDescriptionNil

`func (o *LaunchAppInstance) SetDescriptionNil(b bool)`

 SetDescriptionNil sets the value for Description to be an explicit nil

### UnsetDescription
`func (o *LaunchAppInstance) UnsetDescription()`

UnsetDescription ensures that no value is present for Description, not even an explicit nil
### GetSettings

`func (o *LaunchAppInstance) GetSettings() AppInstanceSettings`

GetSettings returns the Settings field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSettingsOk

`func (o *LaunchAppInstance) GetSettingsOk() (*AppInstanceSettings, bool)`

GetSettingsOk returns a tuple with the Settings field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSettings

`func (o *LaunchAppInstance) SetSettings(v AppInstanceSettings)`

SetSettings sets Settings field to given value.

### HasSettings

`func (o *LaunchAppInstance) HasSettings() bool`

HasSettings returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


