# ReducerInfo

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Code** | Pointer to **NullableString** | The code of the reducer in the specified language. | [optional] 
**Id** | Pointer to **NullableInt64** | Reduced ID generated by system. Absent when user is creating a new reducer. Mandatory for all other use cases. | [optional] 
**IsSystemDefined** | Pointer to **NullableBool** | Whether the mapper is system defined. | [optional] 
**JarName** | Pointer to **NullableString** | User can write their own mapper/reducer or upload jar files containing mappers and reducers. If this reducer was part of a jar file, then this field will have the JAR name. | [optional] 
**JarPath** | Pointer to **NullableString** | path of JAR in which this reducer was found. This is applicable only when this reducer was uploaded via JAR. | [optional] 
**Language** | Pointer to **NullableInt32** | Programming language used by the reducer. | [optional] 
**Name** | Pointer to **NullableString** | Name of the reducer. | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewReducerInfo

`func NewReducerInfo() *ReducerInfo`

NewReducerInfo instantiates a new ReducerInfo object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewReducerInfoWithDefaults

`func NewReducerInfoWithDefaults() *ReducerInfo`

NewReducerInfoWithDefaults instantiates a new ReducerInfo object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetCode

`func (o *ReducerInfo) GetCode() string`

GetCode returns the Code field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCodeOk

`func (o *ReducerInfo) GetCodeOk() (*string, bool)`

GetCodeOk returns a tuple with the Code field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCode

`func (o *ReducerInfo) SetCode(v string)`

SetCode sets Code field to given value.

### HasCode

`func (o *ReducerInfo) HasCode() bool`

HasCode returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetCodeNil

`func (o *ReducerInfo) SetCodeNil(b bool)`

 SetCodeNil sets the value for Code to be an explicit nil

### UnsetCode
`func (o *ReducerInfo) UnsetCode()`

UnsetCode ensures that no value is present for Code, not even an explicit nil
### GetId

`func (o *ReducerInfo) GetId() int64`

GetId returns the Id field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIdOk

`func (o *ReducerInfo) GetIdOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetIdOk returns a tuple with the Id field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetId

`func (o *ReducerInfo) SetId(v int64)`

SetId sets Id field to given value.

### HasId

`func (o *ReducerInfo) HasId() bool`

HasId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetIdNil

`func (o *ReducerInfo) SetIdNil(b bool)`

 SetIdNil sets the value for Id to be an explicit nil

### UnsetId
`func (o *ReducerInfo) UnsetId()`

UnsetId ensures that no value is present for Id, not even an explicit nil
### GetIsSystemDefined

`func (o *ReducerInfo) GetIsSystemDefined() bool`

GetIsSystemDefined returns the IsSystemDefined field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIsSystemDefinedOk

`func (o *ReducerInfo) GetIsSystemDefinedOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetIsSystemDefinedOk returns a tuple with the IsSystemDefined field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIsSystemDefined

`func (o *ReducerInfo) SetIsSystemDefined(v bool)`

SetIsSystemDefined sets IsSystemDefined field to given value.

### HasIsSystemDefined

`func (o *ReducerInfo) HasIsSystemDefined() bool`

HasIsSystemDefined returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetIsSystemDefinedNil

`func (o *ReducerInfo) SetIsSystemDefinedNil(b bool)`

 SetIsSystemDefinedNil sets the value for IsSystemDefined to be an explicit nil

### UnsetIsSystemDefined
`func (o *ReducerInfo) UnsetIsSystemDefined()`

UnsetIsSystemDefined ensures that no value is present for IsSystemDefined, not even an explicit nil
### GetJarName

`func (o *ReducerInfo) GetJarName() string`

GetJarName returns the JarName field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetJarNameOk

`func (o *ReducerInfo) GetJarNameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetJarNameOk returns a tuple with the JarName field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetJarName

`func (o *ReducerInfo) SetJarName(v string)`

SetJarName sets JarName field to given value.

### HasJarName

`func (o *ReducerInfo) HasJarName() bool`

HasJarName returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetJarNameNil

`func (o *ReducerInfo) SetJarNameNil(b bool)`

 SetJarNameNil sets the value for JarName to be an explicit nil

### UnsetJarName
`func (o *ReducerInfo) UnsetJarName()`

UnsetJarName ensures that no value is present for JarName, not even an explicit nil
### GetJarPath

`func (o *ReducerInfo) GetJarPath() string`

GetJarPath returns the JarPath field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetJarPathOk

`func (o *ReducerInfo) GetJarPathOk() (*string, bool)`

GetJarPathOk returns a tuple with the JarPath field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetJarPath

`func (o *ReducerInfo) SetJarPath(v string)`

SetJarPath sets JarPath field to given value.

### HasJarPath

`func (o *ReducerInfo) HasJarPath() bool`

HasJarPath returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetJarPathNil

`func (o *ReducerInfo) SetJarPathNil(b bool)`

 SetJarPathNil sets the value for JarPath to be an explicit nil

### UnsetJarPath
`func (o *ReducerInfo) UnsetJarPath()`

UnsetJarPath ensures that no value is present for JarPath, not even an explicit nil
### GetLanguage

`func (o *ReducerInfo) GetLanguage() int32`

GetLanguage returns the Language field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLanguageOk

`func (o *ReducerInfo) GetLanguageOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetLanguageOk returns a tuple with the Language field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLanguage

`func (o *ReducerInfo) SetLanguage(v int32)`

SetLanguage sets Language field to given value.

### HasLanguage

`func (o *ReducerInfo) HasLanguage() bool`

HasLanguage returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetLanguageNil

`func (o *ReducerInfo) SetLanguageNil(b bool)`

 SetLanguageNil sets the value for Language to be an explicit nil

### UnsetLanguage
`func (o *ReducerInfo) UnsetLanguage()`

UnsetLanguage ensures that no value is present for Language, not even an explicit nil
### GetName

`func (o *ReducerInfo) GetName() string`

GetName returns the Name field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetNameOk

`func (o *ReducerInfo) GetNameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetNameOk returns a tuple with the Name field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetName

`func (o *ReducerInfo) SetName(v string)`

SetName sets Name field to given value.

### HasName

`func (o *ReducerInfo) HasName() bool`

HasName returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetNameNil

`func (o *ReducerInfo) SetNameNil(b bool)`

 SetNameNil sets the value for Name to be an explicit nil

### UnsetName
`func (o *ReducerInfo) UnsetName()`

UnsetName ensures that no value is present for Name, not even an explicit nil

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


